chore(intercept): Added header propagation instructions (#153)
c6o/docs: content/guides/commands/intercept.md

> [!NOTE]
> We try to minimize any modifications to your cluster, and revert all changes once finished. However, if any sessions close unexpectedly, run `czctl session close` to clean up any leftover residue or reissue the same command with a --close flag.

## Propagating Headers

> Unless you are intercepting *all* traffic for a particular service, the intercepted service will need receive the appropriate header in order for intercept to occur.  This is particularly important when the request is made to a different service that then calls the intercepted service.  Therefore, headers need to be propagated from the called service to upstream requests; otherwise, an upstream service will not receive the request header identifying the intercept request.  There are other benefits to propagating headers between services, including request performance tracking and request tracing.  Ideally, any service calls to other services should propagate the appropriate headers or you can use a library like [hpropagate](https://github.com/WealthWizardsEngineering/hpropagate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless you are intercepting *all* traffic for a particular service, traffic is directed to the intercepted service in-cluster vs. local depending on HTTP headers. When the intercepted service is upstream from the frontend service, these headers need to be propagated to the intercepted service to route the traffic properly.

For example, if we have the following route Frontend -> Core -> Leaf, in order to intercept the Leaf service, the Core service has to propagate intercept headers when calling the Leaf service. 

Header propagation is commonly used for performance tracking, tracing, and other diagnostic functions.

Propagating headers is language-dependent and is not hard. It generally only requires a few lines of code.
```

> [!NOTE]
> We try to minimize any modifications to your cluster, and revert all changes once finished. However, if any sessions close unexpectedly, run `czctl session close` to clean up any leftover residue or reissue the same command with a --close flag.

## Propagating Headers

> Unless you are intercepting *all* traffic for a particular service, the intercepted service will need receive the appropriate header in order for intercept to occur.  This is particularly important when the request is made to a different service that then calls the intercepted service.  Therefore, headers need to be propagated from the called service to upstream requests; otherwise, an upstream service will not receive the request header identifying the intercept request.  There are other benefits to propagating headers between services, including request performance tracking and request tracing.  Ideally, any service calls to other services should propagate the appropriate headers or you can use a library like [hpropagate](https://github.com/WealthWizardsEngineering/hpropagate)

Reviewer: If you have Frontend -> Core -> Leaf, you need Core to propagate headers if you want to intercept Leaf and access it using Frontend. You don't need to do header propagation on Leaf services for example

Author: I wonder if it's smarter to advise for headr propagation between services regardless?  That way, if customers expand their architecture, they're don't need to re-think header propagation?  @nsainaney

> In this TypeScript example that makes an outbound call using axios, we only propagate headers that start with `x-c6o` but you should use your own convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this TypeScript example that makes an outbound call using a REST client (axios), we only propagate headers that start with `x-c6o` but you are free to use your own convention:
```

```const propagateHeaders = (headers) =>
  Object.keys(headers)
      .filter(key => key.startsWith('x-c6o-'))
      .reduce((obj, key) => {
          obj[key] = headers[key]
          return obj
      }, {})

> 

Reviewer: I think this may be confusing to people who don't know Javascript (e.g. what's Object.keys and what's reduce). Maybe provide a simpler pseudocode example in addition?

Author: Okay

Author: completed
